
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                               391786637000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  88531                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1011460                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   172304                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                  1423.24                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              275278881                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                   126000004                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     245229560                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.391787                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                391786637000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBCorrect                    0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHitPct                   nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHits                       0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBLookups                    0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.RASInCorrect                  0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu.branchPred.condIncorrect                 1                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu.branchPred.condPredicted                 1                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectHits                  0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectLookups               0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectMisses                0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu.branchPred.lookups                       1                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.usedRAS                       0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu.cc_regfile_reads                         5                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu.commit.amos                              0                       # Number of atomic instructions committed
system.cpu.commit.branchMispredicts                 1                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu.commit.branches                          1                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu.commit.bw_lim_events                     0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu.commit.commitSquashedInsts              24                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu.commit.committedInsts                    3                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.commit.committedOps                      8                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples           44                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.181818                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.946787                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::0           42     95.45%     95.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0      0.00%     95.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            1      2.27%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0      0.00%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0      0.00%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0      0.00%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            1      2.27%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            6                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::total           44                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.fp_insts                          0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu.commit.function_calls                    1                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu.commit.int_insts                         8                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu.commit.loads                             0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu.commit.membars                           0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu                6     75.00%     75.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntMult               0      0.00%     75.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv                0      0.00%     75.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     75.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     75.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     75.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult             0      0.00%     75.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     75.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc             0      0.00%     75.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     75.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     75.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     75.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     75.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     75.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     75.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     75.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult              0      0.00%     75.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift             0      0.00%     75.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     75.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdDiv               0      0.00%     75.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     75.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     75.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     75.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     75.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     75.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     75.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     75.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     75.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     75.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdReduceAdd            0      0.00%     75.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdReduceAlu            0      0.00%     75.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdReduceCmp            0      0.00%     75.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0      0.00%     75.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0      0.00%     75.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAes               0      0.00%     75.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAesMix            0      0.00%     75.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdSha1Hash            0      0.00%     75.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdSha1Hash2            0      0.00%     75.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdSha256Hash            0      0.00%     75.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdSha256Hash2            0      0.00%     75.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdShaSigma2            0      0.00%     75.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdShaSigma3            0      0.00%     75.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdPredAlu            0      0.00%     75.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::MemRead               0      0.00%     75.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite              2     25.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::total                 8                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.refs                              2                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu.commit.swp_count                         0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu.commit.vec_insts                         0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu.committedInsts                           3                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu.committedOps                             8                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu.cpi                              82.000000                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu.cpi_total                        82.000000                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.switch_cpus.data      6396460                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.switch_cpus_1.data     36363773                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     42760234                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data       111000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.switch_cpus.data 69949.698884                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.switch_cpus_1.data 62496.237344                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63208.014720                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data       109000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.switch_cpus.data 67949.698884                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.switch_cpus_1.data 58171.205962                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59639.156638                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.switch_cpus.data      6318251                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.switch_cpus_1.data     35622940                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        41941191                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data       111000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.switch_cpus.data   5470696000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.switch_cpus_1.data  46299275000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  51770082000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.switch_cpus.data     0.012227                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.switch_cpus_1.data     0.020373                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.019154                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.switch_cpus.data        78209                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.switch_cpus_1.data       740833                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        819043                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::.switch_cpus_1.data       298033                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       298033                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data       109000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.switch_cpus.data   5314278000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.switch_cpus_1.data  25758210000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  31072597000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.switch_cpus.data     0.012227                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.switch_cpus_1.data     0.012177                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012184                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.switch_cpus.data        78209                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.switch_cpus_1.data       442800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       521010                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.switch_cpus_1.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            2                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.switch_cpus_1.data       133500                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       133500                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.switch_cpus_1.data            1                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.switch_cpus_1.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            2                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.switch_cpus_1.data       267000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       267000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.switch_cpus_1.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.switch_cpus_1.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data            2                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.switch_cpus.data      3950484                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.switch_cpus_1.data     15266170                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     19216656                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data       116000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.switch_cpus.data 103075.618543                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.switch_cpus_1.data 84913.496738                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89353.152086                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data       114000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.switch_cpus.data 101075.618543                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.switch_cpus_1.data 84010.965772                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88270.939833                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data            1                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.switch_cpus.data      3900245                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.switch_cpus_1.data     15110881                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       19011127                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data       116000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.switch_cpus.data   5178416000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.switch_cpus_1.data  13186131995                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  18364663995                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.switch_cpus.data     0.012717                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.switch_cpus_1.data     0.010172                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.010695                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data            1                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.switch_cpus.data        50239                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.switch_cpus_1.data       155289                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       205529                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::.switch_cpus_1.data         4274                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         4274                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data       114000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.switch_cpus.data   5077938000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.switch_cpus_1.data  12686915996                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  17764967996                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.switch_cpus.data     0.012717                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.switch_cpus_1.data     0.009892                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010473                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.switch_cpus.data        50239                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.switch_cpus_1.data       151015                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       201255                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    27.779095                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets    29.062500                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              2277                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              16                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        63253                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets          465                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::.switch_cpus.data     10346944                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::.switch_cpus_1.data     51629943                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     61976890                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data       113500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.switch_cpus.data 82906.016442                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.switch_cpus_1.data 66380.924690                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 68452.725621                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data       111500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.switch_cpus.data 80906.016442                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.switch_cpus_1.data 64742.598277                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67617.238820                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::.switch_cpus.data     10218496                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::.switch_cpus_1.data     50733821                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total         60952318                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data       227000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.switch_cpus.data  10649112000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.switch_cpus_1.data  59485406995                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  70134745995                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.switch_cpus.data     0.012414                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.switch_cpus_1.data     0.017357                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.016532                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::.switch_cpus.data       128448                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::.switch_cpus_1.data       896122                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        1024572                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::.switch_cpus_1.data       302307                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       302307                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data       223000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.switch_cpus.data  10392216000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.switch_cpus_1.data  38445125996                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  48837564996                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.switch_cpus.data     0.012414                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.switch_cpus_1.data     0.011501                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011654                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.switch_cpus.data       128448                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.switch_cpus_1.data       593815                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       722265                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::.switch_cpus.data     10346944                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::.switch_cpus_1.data     51629945                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     61976892                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data       113500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.switch_cpus.data 82906.016442                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.switch_cpus_1.data 66380.776539                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 68452.591999                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data       111500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.switch_cpus.data 80906.016442                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.switch_cpus_1.data 64742.829855                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67617.421253                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data            1                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::.switch_cpus.data     10218496                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::.switch_cpus_1.data     50733821                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total        60952318                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data       227000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.switch_cpus.data  10649112000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.switch_cpus_1.data  59485406995                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  70134745995                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.switch_cpus.data     0.012414                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.switch_cpus_1.data     0.017357                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.016532                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data            2                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::.switch_cpus.data       128448                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::.switch_cpus_1.data       896124                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       1024574                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::.switch_cpus_1.data       302307                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       302307                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data       223000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.switch_cpus.data  10392216000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.switch_cpus_1.data  38445392996                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  48837831996                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.switch_cpus.data     0.012414                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.switch_cpus_1.data     0.011501                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011654                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data            2                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.switch_cpus.data       128448                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.switch_cpus_1.data       593817                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       722267                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 391786637000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.replacements                 719739                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           70                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           94                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          545                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          313                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             85.569724                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses        124674547                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data     0.001187                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.switch_cpus.data   343.935602                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.switch_cpus_1.data   679.563271                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.000001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.switch_cpus.data     0.335875                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.switch_cpus_1.data     0.663636                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999512                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 391786637000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            720763                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         124674547                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          1023.500059                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs            61675491                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle            225000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks       459887                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total            459887                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.decode.BlockedCycles                     2                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu.decode.DecodedInsts                     32                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu.decode.IdleCycles                       39                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu.decode.RunCycles                         5                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu.decode.SquashCycles                      3                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                           2                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                             1                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 391786637000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                           5                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                             1                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 391786637000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 391786637000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.fetch.Branches                           1                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu.fetch.CacheLines                         5                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu.fetch.Cycles                             5                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu.fetch.IcacheSquashes                     3                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu.fetch.Insts                             18                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu.fetch.PendingDrainCycles                 6                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on pipes to drain
system.cpu.fetch.SquashCycles                       5                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu.fetch.branchRate                  0.004065                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu.fetch.icacheStallCycles                 36                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu.fetch.rate                        0.073171                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::samples                 49                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::mean              0.653061                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::stdev             2.097131                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::underflows               0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::0                       44     89.80%     89.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::1                        0      0.00%     89.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::2                        1      2.04%     91.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::3                        0      0.00%     91.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::4                        0      0.00%     91.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::5                        0      0.00%     91.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::6                        1      2.04%     93.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::7                        0      0.00%     93.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::8                        3      6.12%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::overflows                0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::min_value                0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::max_value                8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::total                   49                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fp_regfile_reads                        56                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.switch_cpus.inst     34609781                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.switch_cpus_1.inst     33359938                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     67969724                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst       106200                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.switch_cpus.inst 31269.041879                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.switch_cpus_1.inst 29183.446340                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 29422.826699                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst       104000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.switch_cpus.inst 29269.041879                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.switch_cpus_1.inst 28444.085592                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28549.032761                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::.switch_cpus.inst     33579473                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::.switch_cpus_1.inst     25412109                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        58991582                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst       531000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.switch_cpus.inst  32216744000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.switch_cpus_1.inst 231945041143                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 264162316143                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.switch_cpus.inst     0.029769                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.switch_cpus_1.inst     0.238245                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.132090                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::.switch_cpus.inst      1030308                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::.switch_cpus_1.inst      7947829                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       8978142                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::.cpu.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::.switch_cpus_1.inst       876338                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       876339                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst       416000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.switch_cpus.inst  30156128000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.switch_cpus_1.inst 201142095267                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 231298639267                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.800000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.switch_cpus.inst     0.029769                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.switch_cpus_1.inst     0.211976                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.119197                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.switch_cpus.inst      1030308                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.switch_cpus_1.inst      7071491                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      8101803                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    11.668868                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs             17111                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       199666                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::.switch_cpus.inst     34609781                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::.switch_cpus_1.inst     33359938                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     67969724                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst       106200                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.switch_cpus.inst 31269.041879                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.switch_cpus_1.inst 29183.446340                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 29422.826699                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst       104000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.switch_cpus.inst 29269.041879                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.switch_cpus_1.inst 28444.085592                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28549.032761                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::.switch_cpus.inst     33579473                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::.switch_cpus_1.inst     25412109                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total         58991582                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst       531000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::.switch_cpus.inst  32216744000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::.switch_cpus_1.inst 231945041143                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total 264162316143                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::.switch_cpus.inst     0.029769                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::.switch_cpus_1.inst     0.238245                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.132090                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::.switch_cpus.inst      1030308                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::.switch_cpus_1.inst      7947829                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total        8978142                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::.cpu.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::.switch_cpus_1.inst       876338                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total       876339                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst       416000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.switch_cpus.inst  30156128000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.switch_cpus_1.inst 201142095267                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 231298639267                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.800000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.switch_cpus.inst     0.029769                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.switch_cpus_1.inst     0.211976                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.119197                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.switch_cpus.inst      1030308                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.switch_cpus_1.inst      7071491                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total      8101803                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst            5                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::.switch_cpus.inst     34609781                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::.switch_cpus_1.inst     33359938                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     67969724                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst       106200                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.switch_cpus.inst 31269.041879                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.switch_cpus_1.inst 29183.446340                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 29422.826699                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst       104000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.switch_cpus.inst 29269.041879                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.switch_cpus_1.inst 28444.085592                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28549.032761                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::.switch_cpus.inst     33579473                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::.switch_cpus_1.inst     25412109                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total        58991582                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst       531000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::.switch_cpus.inst  32216744000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::.switch_cpus_1.inst 231945041143                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total 264162316143                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::.switch_cpus.inst     0.029769                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::.switch_cpus_1.inst     0.238245                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.132090                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst            5                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::.switch_cpus.inst      1030308                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::.switch_cpus_1.inst      7947829                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total       8978142                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::.cpu.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::.switch_cpus_1.inst       876338                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total       876339                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst       416000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.switch_cpus.inst  30156128000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.switch_cpus_1.inst 201142095267                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 231298639267                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.800000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.switch_cpus.inst     0.029769                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.switch_cpus_1.inst     0.211976                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.119197                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst            4                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.switch_cpus.inst      1030308                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.switch_cpus_1.inst      7071491                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total      8101803                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 391786637000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.replacements                8100685                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           61                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          189                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs              8.281291                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses        144041250                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst     0.000907                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.switch_cpus.inst    85.226978                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.switch_cpus_1.inst   170.721355                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.000004                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::.switch_cpus.inst     0.332918                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::.switch_cpus_1.inst     0.666880                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999802                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 391786637000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs           8101802                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses         144041250                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           255.949240                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs            67093384                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle            107000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::.writebacks      8100685                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total           8100685                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.idleCycles                             197                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu.iew.branchMispredicts                    1                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu.iew.exec_branches                        1                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_nop                             0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_rate                     0.085366                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu.iew.exec_refs                            7                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_stores                          5                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_swp                             0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu.iew.iewBlockCycles                       2                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                     2                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                  0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                 0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                    8                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  32                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                     2                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                 3                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    21                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewIQFullEvents                      0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.iewIdleCycles                        0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.iewSquashCycles                      3                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu.iew.iewUnblockCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads             0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked             0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads                1                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads             0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs             0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            2                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            6                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu.iew.memOrderViolationEvents              0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            1                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect              0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.wb_consumers                        18                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_count                            20                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu.iew.wb_fanout                     0.555556                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu.iew.wb_producers                        10                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_rate                       0.081301                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu.iew.wb_sent                             20                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu.int_regfile_reads                       77                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu.int_regfile_writes                      14                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 391786637000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.ipc                               0.012195                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu.ipc_total                         0.012195                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    16     66.67%     66.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                    0      0.00%     66.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                     0      0.00%     66.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     66.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                    0      0.00%     66.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                 0      0.00%     66.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                    0      0.00%     66.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                    0      0.00%     66.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                    0      0.00%     66.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc                0      0.00%     66.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc               0      0.00%     66.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdDiv                    0      0.00%     66.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd               0      0.00%     66.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu               0      0.00%     66.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp               0      0.00%     66.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt               0      0.00%     66.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv               0      0.00%     66.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc              0      0.00%     66.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult              0      0.00%     66.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     66.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt              0      0.00%     66.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdReduceAdd              0      0.00%     66.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdReduceAlu              0      0.00%     66.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdReduceCmp              0      0.00%     66.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0      0.00%     66.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0      0.00%     66.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAes                    0      0.00%     66.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAesMix                 0      0.00%     66.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSha1Hash               0      0.00%     66.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSha1Hash2              0      0.00%     66.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSha256Hash             0      0.00%     66.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSha256Hash2            0      0.00%     66.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShaSigma2              0      0.00%     66.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShaSigma3              0      0.00%     66.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdPredAlu                0      0.00%     66.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                    2      8.33%     75.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                   6     25.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead               0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch               0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::total                     24                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.fp_alu_accesses                       0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                   0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_cnt                           0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_rate                          0                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                       0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntMult                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                       0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdReduceAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdReduceAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdReduceCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAes                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAesMix                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdSha1Hash                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdSha1Hash2                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdSha256Hash               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdSha256Hash2              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShaSigma2                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShaSigma3                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdPredAlu                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemRead                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.int_alu_accesses                     24                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 97                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses           20                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                56                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsAdded                         32                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsIssued                        24                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined              24                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined           28                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            49                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean         0.489796                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev        1.308983                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  41     83.67%     83.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                   1      2.04%     85.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                   4      8.16%     93.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                   0      0.00%     93.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                   1      2.04%     95.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                   1      2.04%     97.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                   1      2.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            6                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              49                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.rate                           0.097561                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu.iq.vec_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 391786637000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                           5                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                             1                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 391786637000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 391786637000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingLoads                 0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingStores                0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedLoads                    2                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedStores                   8                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.misc_regfile_reads                      11                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu.numCycles                              246                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numPwrStateTransitions                   1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON         8066000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF   391778571000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.rename.BlockCycles                       2                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu.rename.CommittedMaps                     5                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu.rename.IdleCycles                       39                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu.rename.RenameLookups                    78                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu.rename.RenamedInsts                     32                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu.rename.RenamedOperands                  25                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu.rename.RunCycles                         5                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu.rename.SquashCycles                      3                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu.rename.UndoneMaps                       20                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu.rename.int_rename_lookups               65                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu.rename.serializeStallCycles              0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu.rename.serializingInsts                  0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.skidInsts                         0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu.rename.tempSerializingInsts              0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rob.rob_reads                           75                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu.rob.rob_writes                          68                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu.timesIdled                               2                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                   569                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                      1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::.writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::.writebacks        49836                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total         49836                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::.cpu.inst            4                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::.switch_cpus.inst      1030308                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::.switch_cpus_1.inst      7069877                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total        8100189                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst       101000                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::.switch_cpus.inst 122683.489968                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::.switch_cpus_1.inst 111916.242833                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 113451.660923                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst        81000                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.switch_cpus.inst 102683.489968                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.switch_cpus_1.inst 91917.172289                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93452.482660                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::.switch_cpus.inst       977425                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::.switch_cpus_1.inst      6751946                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total            7729371                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst       404000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::.switch_cpus.inst   6487871000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::.switch_cpus_1.inst  35581643000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total  42069918000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::.switch_cpus.inst     0.051327                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::.switch_cpus_1.inst     0.044970                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.045779                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::.cpu.inst            4                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::.switch_cpus.inst        52883                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::.switch_cpus_1.inst       317931                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total           370818                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::.switch_cpus_1.inst            6                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::total             6                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst       324000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::.switch_cpus.inst   5430211000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::.switch_cpus_1.inst  29222767000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  34653302000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::.switch_cpus.inst     0.051327                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::.switch_cpus_1.inst     0.044969                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.045778                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst            4                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::.switch_cpus.inst        52883                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::.switch_cpus_1.inst       317925                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total       370812                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu.data             1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::.switch_cpus.data        50239                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::.switch_cpus_1.data       149609                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            199849                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data       111000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.switch_cpus.data 117012.647241                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.switch_cpus_1.data 108440.741601                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 110846.704253                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data        91000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.switch_cpus.data 97012.647241                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.switch_cpus_1.data 88440.741601                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 90846.704253                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::.switch_cpus.data         9914                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::.switch_cpus_1.data        46265                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                 56179                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data       111000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.switch_cpus.data   4718535000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.switch_cpus_1.data  11206700000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   15925346000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.switch_cpus.data     0.802663                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.switch_cpus_1.data     0.690761                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.718893                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::.switch_cpus.data        40325                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::.switch_cpus_1.data       103344                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              143670                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data        91000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.switch_cpus.data   3912035000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.switch_cpus_1.data   9139820000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13051946000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.switch_cpus.data     0.802663                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.switch_cpus_1.data     0.690761                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.718893                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.switch_cpus.data        40325                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.switch_cpus_1.data       103344                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         143670                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.switch_cpus.data        78209                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.switch_cpus_1.data       442704                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        520914                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data       106000                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.switch_cpus.data 148822.029786                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.switch_cpus_1.data 124800.116147                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 128554.008493                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data        86000                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.switch_cpus.data 128822.029786                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.switch_cpus_1.data 104801.458794                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108555.228895                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::.switch_cpus.data        51418                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::.switch_cpus_1.data       298060                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            349478                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data       106000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.switch_cpus.data   3987091000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.switch_cpus_1.data  18051588000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  22038785000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.switch_cpus.data     0.342556                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.switch_cpus_1.data     0.326728                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.329106                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::.switch_cpus.data        26791                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::.switch_cpus_1.data       144644                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          171436                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::.switch_cpus_1.data            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data        86000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.switch_cpus.data   3451271000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.switch_cpus_1.data  15158483000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  18609840000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.switch_cpus.data     0.342556                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.switch_cpus_1.data     0.326719                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.329098                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.switch_cpus.data        26791                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.switch_cpus_1.data       144640                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       171432                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::.switch_cpus_1.data         1504                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total             1504                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::.switch_cpus_1.data  1122.137405                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  1122.137405                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.switch_cpus_1.data 29997.455471                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29997.455471                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::.switch_cpus_1.data         1111                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                 1111                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::.switch_cpus_1.data       441000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total       441000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::.switch_cpus_1.data     0.261303                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total        0.261303                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::.switch_cpus_1.data          393                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                393                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::.switch_cpus_1.data     11789000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11789000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::.switch_cpus_1.data     0.261303                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.261303                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::.switch_cpus_1.data          393                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total           393                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::.writebacks      8089193                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total      8089193                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::.writebacks      8089193                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total          8089193                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       459887                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       459887                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       459887                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total           459887                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst                4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu.data                2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::.switch_cpus.inst      1030308                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::.switch_cpus.data       128448                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::.switch_cpus_1.inst      7069877                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::.switch_cpus_1.data       592313                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total              8820952                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst       101000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data       108500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.switch_cpus.inst 122683.489968                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.switch_cpus.data 129710.143632                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.switch_cpus_1.inst 111916.242833                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.switch_cpus_1.data 117982.676581                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 116680.636630                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst        81000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data        88500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.switch_cpus.inst 102683.489968                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.switch_cpus.data 109710.143632                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.switch_cpus_1.inst 91917.172289                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.switch_cpus_1.data 97983.349732                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96681.344892                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_hits::.switch_cpus.inst       977425                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::.switch_cpus.data        61332                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::.switch_cpus_1.inst      6751946                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::.switch_cpus_1.data       344325                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                  8135028                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst       404000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data       217000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::.switch_cpus.inst   6487871000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::.switch_cpus.data   8705626000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::.switch_cpus_1.inst  35581643000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::.switch_cpus_1.data  29258288000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      80034049000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.switch_cpus.inst     0.051327                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.switch_cpus.data     0.522515                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.switch_cpus_1.inst     0.044970                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.switch_cpus_1.data     0.418677                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.077761                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu.inst                  4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu.data                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::.switch_cpus.inst        52883                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::.switch_cpus.data        67116                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::.switch_cpus_1.inst       317931                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::.switch_cpus_1.data       247988                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 685924                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::.switch_cpus_1.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::.switch_cpus_1.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                  10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst       324000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data       177000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.switch_cpus.inst   5430211000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.switch_cpus.data   7363306000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.switch_cpus_1.inst  29222767000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.switch_cpus_1.data  24298303000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  66315088000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.switch_cpus.inst     0.051327                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.switch_cpus.data     0.522515                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.switch_cpus_1.inst     0.044969                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.switch_cpus_1.data     0.418671                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.077760                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst             4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data             2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::.switch_cpus.inst        52883                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::.switch_cpus.data        67116                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::.switch_cpus_1.inst       317925                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::.switch_cpus_1.data       247984                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            685914                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst               4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu.data               2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.switch_cpus.inst      1030308                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.switch_cpus.data       128448                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.switch_cpus_1.inst      7069877                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.switch_cpus_1.data       592313                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total             8820952                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst       101000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data       108500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.switch_cpus.inst 122683.489968                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.switch_cpus.data 129710.143632                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.switch_cpus_1.inst 111916.242833                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.switch_cpus_1.data 117982.676581                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 116680.636630                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst        81000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data        88500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.switch_cpus.inst 102683.489968                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.switch_cpus.data 109710.143632                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.switch_cpus_1.inst 91917.172289                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.switch_cpus_1.data 97983.349732                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96681.344892                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_hits::.switch_cpus.inst       977425                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::.switch_cpus.data        61332                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::.switch_cpus_1.inst      6751946                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::.switch_cpus_1.data       344325                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                 8135028                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst       404000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data       217000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::.switch_cpus.inst   6487871000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::.switch_cpus.data   8705626000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::.switch_cpus_1.inst  35581643000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::.switch_cpus_1.data  29258288000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     80034049000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.switch_cpus.inst     0.051327                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.switch_cpus.data     0.522515                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.switch_cpus_1.inst     0.044970                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.switch_cpus_1.data     0.418677                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.077761                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu.inst                 4                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu.data                 2                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.switch_cpus.inst        52883                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.switch_cpus.data        67116                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.switch_cpus_1.inst       317931                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.switch_cpus_1.data       247988                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                685924                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::.switch_cpus_1.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::.switch_cpus_1.data            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total                 10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst       324000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data       177000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.switch_cpus.inst   5430211000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.switch_cpus.data   7363306000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.switch_cpus_1.inst  29222767000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.switch_cpus_1.data  24298303000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  66315088000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.switch_cpus.inst     0.051327                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.switch_cpus.data     0.522515                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.switch_cpus_1.inst     0.044969                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.switch_cpus_1.data     0.418671                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.077760                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst            4                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data            2                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.switch_cpus.inst        52883                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.switch_cpus.data        67116                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.switch_cpus_1.inst       317925                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.switch_cpus_1.data       247984                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           685914                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 391786637000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.replacements                         773084                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           87                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          156                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         1685                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1642                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          526                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                     22.620751                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                141822180                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     382.019050                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst         0.017201                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data         0.006362                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.switch_cpus.inst   718.926690                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.switch_cpus.data   554.716201                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.switch_cpus_1.inst  1586.709682                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.switch_cpus_1.data   847.809262                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks      0.093266                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst        0.000004                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data        0.000002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.switch_cpus.inst     0.175519                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.switch_cpus.data     0.135429                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.switch_cpus_1.inst     0.387380                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.switch_cpus_1.data     0.206985                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.998585                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          4096                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 391786637000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    777180                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                 141822180                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  4090.204448                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                    17580395                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                     86000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.writebacks::.writebacks              198297                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    198297                       # number of writebacks
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     443094.05                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                45519.66                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    198218.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples         4.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples         2.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.switch_cpus.inst::samples     52883.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.switch_cpus.data::samples     66755.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.switch_cpus_1.inst::samples    317923.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.switch_cpus_1.data::samples    245671.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     26769.66                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       111.61                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    112.05                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.07                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        32.38                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     32.39                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      24.82                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         1.12                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.87                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.25                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst          653                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::.switch_cpus.inst      8638661                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::.switch_cpus_1.inst     51934390                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total         60573705                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::.cpu.inst               653                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::.cpu.data               327                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::.switch_cpus.inst      8638661                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::.switch_cpus.data     10963682                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::.switch_cpus_1.inst     51934390                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::.switch_cpus_1.data     40507599                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             112045312                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.writebacks       32392652                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.cpu.inst              653                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.cpu.data              327                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.switch_cpus.inst      8638661                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.switch_cpus.data     10963682                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.switch_cpus_1.inst     51934390                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.switch_cpus_1.data     40507599                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            144437964                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::.writebacks       32392652                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             32392652                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples       350824                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    160.799033                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   110.794146                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   191.007467                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127       198879     56.69%     56.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        90053     25.67%     82.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383        27011      7.70%     90.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511        12087      3.45%     93.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639         6981      1.99%     95.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767         4057      1.16%     96.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895         2542      0.72%     97.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1849      0.53%     97.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         7365      2.10%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total       350824                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               43727232                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                43897856                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                  170624                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                12684928                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys             12691008                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::.switch_cpus.inst      3384512                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::.switch_cpus_1.inst     20347200                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total      23731968                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::.cpu.inst            256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::.cpu.data            128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::.switch_cpus.inst      3384512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::.switch_cpus.data      4295424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::.switch_cpus_1.inst     20347200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::.switch_cpus_1.data     15870336                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           43897856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::.writebacks     12691008                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        12691008                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst            4                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data            2                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAccesses::.switch_cpus.inst        52883                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAccesses::.switch_cpus.data        67116                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAccesses::.switch_cpus_1.inst       317925                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAccesses::.switch_cpus_1.data       247974                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     29625.00                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     37000.00                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAvgLat::.switch_cpus.inst     51338.51                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAvgLat::.switch_cpus.data     58422.73                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAvgLat::.switch_cpus_1.inst     40547.53                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAvgLat::.switch_cpus_1.data     46672.07                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst          256                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data          128                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadBytes::.switch_cpus.inst      3384512                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadBytes::.switch_cpus.data      4272320                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadBytes::.switch_cpus_1.inst     20347072                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadBytes::.switch_cpus_1.data     15722944                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 653.416874960950                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 326.708437480475                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadRate::.switch_cpus.inst 8638661.149639977142                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadRate::.switch_cpus.data 10904710.872004549950                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadRate::.switch_cpus_1.inst 51934063.284552507102                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadRate::.switch_cpus_1.data 40131394.272132873535                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst       118500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data        74000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadTotalLat::.switch_cpus.inst   2714934250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadTotalLat::.switch_cpus.data   3921100250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadTotalLat::.switch_cpus_1.inst  12891072250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadTotalLat::.switch_cpus_1.data  11573459250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       198297                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  47040758.12                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     12684928                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 32377132.862752538174                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 9328041213750                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                    79                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numReadWriteTurnArounds        11775                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls.numStayReadState             1629144                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls.numStayWriteState             187231                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWriteReadTurnArounds        11775                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::.cpu.inst               4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::.cpu.data               2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::.switch_cpus.inst        52883                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::.switch_cpus.data        67116                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::.switch_cpus_1.inst       317925                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::.switch_cpus_1.data       247974                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              685904                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::.writebacks       198297                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             198297                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    60.20                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             43130                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             49821                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             64135                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             56289                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             33802                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             38234                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             34313                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             36173                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             38078                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             36537                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            38443                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            45557                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            41582                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            36852                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            43838                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            46454                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0             13137                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             11591                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2             11524                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3             12776                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4             11794                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5             11975                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6             12963                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7             13819                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8             11495                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9             11836                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10            13954                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11            14954                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12            12033                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13            10982                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14            11460                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15            11909                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.priorityMaxLatency      0.008765428500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls.priorityMinLatency      0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 391786637000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples        11775                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      58.024459                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     50.297752                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     46.046508                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-127         11443     97.18%     97.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::128-255          315      2.68%     99.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::256-383           10      0.08%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            5      0.04%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::512-639            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3584-3711            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total         11775                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  591734                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   80661                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    9622                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                    1117                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                      88                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                      15                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    685904                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                685904                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      685904                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 60.58                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   413927                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                   2666                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                 3416190000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  391784199000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat             31100758500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                  18290046000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples        11775                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.832442                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.801942                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      1.023522                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16             6962     59.13%     59.13% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17              138      1.17%     60.30% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18             4392     37.30%     97.60% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19              258      2.19%     99.79% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20               22      0.19%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::21                2      0.02%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::24                1      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total         11775                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                   4652                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                   4803                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                  11292                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                  11770                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                  11806                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                  11813                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                  11812                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                  11820                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                  11835                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                  11828                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                  11846                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                  11862                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                  11851                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                  11835                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                  11852                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                  11948                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                  11778                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                  11774                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                     10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   198297                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6               198297                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     198297                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                58.87                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  116689                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy          14632769250                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy               1312917480                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy     92939861160                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            490.434467                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1688901250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF   10935860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF  62871184750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  90167480500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   22308796750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 203814413750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy           1082274240                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                697832190                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy     34624246080                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy              2541104580                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         25852373040.000004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy      17931348540                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           192145670340                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime         356852897750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy              519802380                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy          14742203550                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy               1191965880                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy     85055179980                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            479.786814                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1912224500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF   10491520000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF  75982626750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  93950603250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   22924052750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 186525609750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy           1141187520                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                633544890                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy     36076868640                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy              2337214740                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         24801953280.000004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy      21466546320                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           187974062280                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime         356457151250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy              514812060                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      2053524                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total      2053524                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                2053524                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     56588864                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     56588864                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                56588864                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 391786637000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          2160808000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         3671097500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            686307                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  686307    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              686307                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       681858                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       1367620                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             542244                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       198297                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           483016                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              403                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            143660                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           143660                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        542244                       # Transaction distribution
system.switch_cpus.Branches                   5980736                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts            26000001                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.committedOps              51019128                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.dtb.rdAccesses             6396460                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus.dtb.rdMisses                 24904                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 391786637000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus.dtb.wrAccesses             3950484                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus.dtb.wrMisses                  2546                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus.idle_fraction             0.000021                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus.itb.rdAccesses                   0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus.itb.rdMisses                     0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 391786637000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus.itb.wrAccesses            34609781                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus.itb.wrMisses                 60892                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus.not_idle_fraction         0.999979                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                130471171                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.num_busy_cycles       130468484.893926                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus.num_cc_register_reads     28709125                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.switch_cpus.num_cc_register_writes     16738682                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.switch_cpus.num_conditional_control_insts      4686033                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_alu_accesses         491019                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_insts                491019                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_register_reads       670645                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_register_writes       247779                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus.num_func_calls              700801                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus.num_idle_cycles        2686.106074                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus.num_int_alu_accesses      50551275                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.num_int_insts             50551275                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_int_register_reads     97301907                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus.num_int_register_writes     40969001                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus.num_load_insts             6395480                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_mem_refs              10345734                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus.num_store_insts            3950254                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_vec_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.num_vec_insts                    0                       # number of vector instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.switch_cpus.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.switch_cpus.op_class::No_OpClass        227468      0.45%      0.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IntAlu          40076253     78.55%     79.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IntMult            39308      0.08%     79.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IntDiv             99369      0.19%     79.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatAdd           16484      0.03%     79.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatCmp               0      0.00%     79.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatCvt             592      0.00%     79.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatMult              0      0.00%     79.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatDiv               0      0.00%     79.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatMisc              0      0.00%     79.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatSqrt              0      0.00%     79.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdAdd              158      0.00%     79.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdAddAcc             0      0.00%     79.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdAlu            20419      0.04%     79.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdCmp                0      0.00%     79.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdCvt            37654      0.07%     79.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdMisc          155052      0.30%     79.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdMult               0      0.00%     79.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdShift            112      0.00%     79.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdDiv                0      0.00%     79.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdSqrt               0      0.00%     79.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatAdd           73      0.00%     79.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatCvt          334      0.00%     79.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatDiv           30      0.00%     79.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatMult           88      0.00%     79.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdReduceAdd            0      0.00%     79.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdReduceAlu            0      0.00%     79.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdReduceCmp            0      0.00%     79.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0      0.00%     79.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0      0.00%     79.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdAes                0      0.00%     79.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdAesMix             0      0.00%     79.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0      0.00%     79.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0      0.00%     79.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0      0.00%     79.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0      0.00%     79.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0      0.00%     79.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0      0.00%     79.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdPredAlu            0      0.00%     79.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::MemRead          6366891     12.48%     92.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::MemWrite         3749612      7.35%     99.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatMemRead        28589      0.06%     99.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatMemWrite       200642      0.39%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IprAccess              0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::total           51019128                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF 391786637000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus_1.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus_1.branchPred.BTBHitPct     0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus_1.branchPred.BTBHits             0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus_1.branchPred.BTBLookups     54222181                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus_1.branchPred.RASInCorrect       992884                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus_1.branchPred.condIncorrect      8586770                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus_1.branchPred.condPredicted     58309288                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus_1.branchPred.indirectHits     10310729                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.switch_cpus_1.branchPred.indirectLookups     54222181                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.switch_cpus_1.branchPred.indirectMisses     43911452                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.switch_cpus_1.branchPred.lookups      58309288                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus_1.branchPred.usedRAS       2999729                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus_1.branchPredindirectMispredicted      6849169                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.switch_cpus_1.cc_regfile_reads       136208789                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus_1.cc_regfile_writes       83068517                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.amos                    0                       # Number of atomic instructions committed
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.branchMispredicts      8593822                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.branches         22629783                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.bw_lim_events      7827565                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        49317                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.commitSquashedInsts    185328987                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.committedInsts    100000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.committedOps    194210424                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    198041009                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.980658                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.995857                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    139843588     70.61%     70.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     17313930      8.74%     79.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9593446      4.84%     84.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     11063502      5.59%     89.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      5506593      2.78%     92.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      3075941      1.55%     94.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      2222609      1.12%     95.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1593835      0.80%     96.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      7827565      3.95%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    198041009                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.fp_insts          1557399                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.function_calls      1337091                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.int_insts       192960698                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.loads            24666813                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.membars             32640                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       531295      0.27%      0.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu    152613172     78.58%     78.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult       168201      0.09%     78.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv       307543      0.16%     79.10% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd        55453      0.03%     79.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt           16      0.00%     79.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd          494      0.00%     79.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu        36122      0.02%     79.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt        77714      0.04%     79.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc       484536      0.25%     79.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift          337      0.00%     79.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdDiv            0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd           75      0.00%     79.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt         2839      0.00%     79.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv           21      0.00%     79.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult           61      0.00%     79.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdReduceAdd            0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdReduceAlu            0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdReduceCmp            0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAes            0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAesMix            0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSha1Hash            0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSha1Hash2            0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSha256Hash            0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSha256Hash2            0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShaSigma2            0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShaSigma3            0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdPredAlu            0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead     24602915     12.67%     92.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite     14507964      7.47%     99.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead        63898      0.03%     99.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite       757768      0.39%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::total    194210424                       # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.refs             39932545                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.vec_insts               0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.switch_cpus_1.committedInsts         100000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus_1.committedOps           194210424                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus_1.cpi                     2.613074                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.cpi_total               2.613074                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus_1.decode.BlockedCycles     36169519                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus_1.decode.DecodedInsts    453148577                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus_1.decode.IdleCycles      118486905                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus_1.decode.RunCycles        60065584                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus_1.decode.SquashCycles      8624033                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus_1.decode.UnblockCycles      4708799                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus_1.dtb.rdAccesses          39349299                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus_1.dtb.rdMisses             1212763                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus_1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 391786637000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus_1.dtb.wrAccesses          20635031                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus_1.dtb.wrMisses              182300                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.Branches          58309288                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.CacheLines        33360139                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.Cycles            89836629                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.IcacheSquashes      5094702                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles        17536                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.Insts            246061248                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.MiscStallCycles        12538                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles          364                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        56536                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.SquashCycles      17248066                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.TlbCycles               15                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.branchRate        0.223144                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.icacheStallCycles    129507193                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.predictedBranches     13310458                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.rate              0.941654                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.rateDist::samples    228054844                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.rateDist::mean     2.124335                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.rateDist::stdev     3.347652                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.rateDist::0      155894518     68.36%     68.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.rateDist::1        3074374      1.35%     69.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.rateDist::2        3049640      1.34%     71.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.rateDist::3        3468449      1.52%     72.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.rateDist::4        3216509      1.41%     73.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.rateDist::5        3777925      1.66%     75.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.rateDist::6        3840739      1.68%     77.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.rateDist::7        3775677      1.66%     78.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.rateDist::8       47957013     21.03%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.rateDist::total    228054844                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus_1.fp_regfile_reads         2248109                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus_1.fp_regfile_writes         768371                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus_1.idleCycles              33252556                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.branchMispredicts     11083844                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.exec_branches       31782698                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.exec_rate           1.160336                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.exec_refs           59950057                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.exec_stores         20623815                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.iewBlockCycles      23290034                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     51010154                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts       179745                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       471958                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     27922888                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    379527376                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     39326242                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts     16429294                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.iewExecutedInsts    303204438                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.iewIQFullEvents        45141                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents      3397532                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.iewSquashCycles      8624033                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.iewUnblockCycles      3464302                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1841                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      1866272                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        42977                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        44321                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        81456                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads     26343339                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores     12657155                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        44321                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      9188035                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1895809                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.wb_consumers       320808779                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.wb_count           295531671                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.wb_fanout           0.657795                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.wb_producers       211026309                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.wb_rate             1.130973                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.wb_sent            299164419                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus_1.int_regfile_reads      404370313                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus_1.int_regfile_writes     242823858                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus_1.ipc                     0.382691                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.ipc_total               0.382691                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass      2956029      0.92%      0.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    250698486     78.43%     79.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       226657      0.07%     79.43% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv       327453      0.10%     79.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd        58572      0.02%     79.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt         4502      0.00%     79.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            4      0.00%     79.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            2      0.00%     79.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd          766      0.00%     79.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu        65925      0.02%     79.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt        95821      0.03%     79.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc       507965      0.16%     79.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift          747      0.00%     79.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdDiv            0      0.00%     79.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd          108      0.00%     79.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt         4018      0.00%     79.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv           74      0.00%     79.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult          313      0.00%     79.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdReduceAdd            0      0.00%     79.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdReduceAlu            0      0.00%     79.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdReduceCmp            0      0.00%     79.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0      0.00%     79.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0      0.00%     79.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAes            0      0.00%     79.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAesMix            0      0.00%     79.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSha1Hash            0      0.00%     79.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSha1Hash2            0      0.00%     79.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSha256Hash            0      0.00%     79.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSha256Hash2            0      0.00%     79.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShaSigma2            0      0.00%     79.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShaSigma3            0      0.00%     79.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdPredAlu            0      0.00%     79.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     42322489     13.24%     93.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     21387164      6.69%     99.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead       117659      0.04%     99.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite       858978      0.27%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::total    319633732                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fp_alu_accesses       1833131                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads      3644474                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1729786                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes      2342485                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_busy_cnt           5307751                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.016606                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu       4952097     93.30%     93.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     93.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     93.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     93.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     93.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt           14      0.00%     93.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     93.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     93.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     93.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     93.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     93.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            3      0.00%     93.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     93.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu         1822      0.03%     93.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     93.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt          142      0.00%     93.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc          483      0.01%     93.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     93.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     93.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift          135      0.00%     93.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     93.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdDiv            0      0.00%     93.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     93.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     93.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     93.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     93.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     93.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     93.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     93.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     93.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     93.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     93.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdReduceAdd            0      0.00%     93.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdReduceAlu            0      0.00%     93.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdReduceCmp            0      0.00%     93.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0      0.00%     93.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0      0.00%     93.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdAes            0      0.00%     93.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdAesMix            0      0.00%     93.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdSha1Hash            0      0.00%     93.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdSha1Hash2            0      0.00%     93.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdSha256Hash            0      0.00%     93.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdSha256Hash2            0      0.00%     93.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdShaSigma2            0      0.00%     93.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdShaSigma3            0      0.00%     93.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdPredAlu            0      0.00%     93.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::MemRead       227271      4.28%     97.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        93276      1.76%     99.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead          880      0.02%     99.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite        31628      0.60%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.int_alu_accesses    320152323                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    870927796                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    293801885                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    562541677                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.iqInstsAdded        378985092                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.iqInstsIssued       319633732                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded       542284                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined    185316937                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued      1942211                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved       492967                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined    255047925                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    228054844                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     1.401565                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     2.215624                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    142141880     62.33%     62.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     16694107      7.32%     69.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     14231891      6.24%     75.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     11581201      5.08%     80.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4     11166835      4.90%     85.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5     11277275      4.94%     90.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6     11363845      4.98%     95.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      6287025      2.76%     98.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8      3310785      1.45%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    228054844                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.rate                 1.223210                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.vec_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus_1.itb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus_1.itb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus_1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 391786637000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus_1.itb.wrAccesses          33370657                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus_1.itb.wrMisses              334996                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus_1.memDep0.conflictingLoads      2677709                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus_1.memDep0.conflictingStores      2231146                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus_1.memDep0.insertedLoads     51010154                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus_1.memDep0.insertedStores     27922888                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus_1.misc_regfile_reads     135893337                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus_1.misc_regfile_writes           10                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus_1.numCycles              261307400                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus_1.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus_1.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus_1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF 391786637000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.BlockCycles      29675959                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.CommittedMaps    219271765                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.FullRegisterEvents           48                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.IQFullEvents       966560                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.IdleCycles      121753950                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.LQFullEvents        91516                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.ROBFullEvents       174829                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.RenameLookups   1040390931                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.RenamedInsts    429491760                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.RenamedOperands    472238643                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.RunCycles        60928227                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.SQFullEvents      5566469                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.SquashCycles      8624033                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.UnblockCycles      7053294                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.UndoneMaps      252966841                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.fp_rename_lookups      2619610                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.int_rename_lookups    618365342                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.serializeStallCycles        19377                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.serializingInsts          979                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.skidInsts         5764108                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.tempSerializingInsts          947                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus_1.rob.rob_reads          569752855                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus_1.rob.rob_writes         789622330                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus_1.timesIdled               2762285                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     24302676                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      2164273                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total              26466949                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side   1036855936                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     75561600                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total             1112417536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 391786637000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy        34765640996                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              8.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy       24306968436                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             6.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy        2166663127                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                  12794240                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples          9597153                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.017621                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.132215                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                9428858     98.25%     98.25% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                 167478      1.75%     99.99% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                    817      0.01%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total            9597153                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests        25660                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops          817                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      8821096                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       141803                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests     17644493                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops         142620                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoops                          774697                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           8622716                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       658184                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean      8100685                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          834639                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            1504                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           1504                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           199849                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          199849                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq       8101802                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       520914                       # Transaction distribution
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
