
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                               383366257000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  81939                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1045792                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   159476                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                  1537.72                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              249307731                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                   126000004                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     245229560                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.383366                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                383366257000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBCorrect                    0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHitPct                   nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHits                       0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBLookups                    0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.RASInCorrect                  0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu.branchPred.condIncorrect                 1                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu.branchPred.condPredicted                 1                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectHits                  0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectLookups               0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectMisses                0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu.branchPred.lookups                       1                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.usedRAS                       0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu.cc_regfile_reads                         5                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu.commit.amos                              0                       # Number of atomic instructions committed
system.cpu.commit.branchMispredicts                 1                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu.commit.branches                          1                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu.commit.bw_lim_events                     0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu.commit.commitSquashedInsts              24                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu.commit.committedInsts                    3                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.commit.committedOps                      8                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples           44                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.181818                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.946787                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::0           42     95.45%     95.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0      0.00%     95.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            1      2.27%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0      0.00%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0      0.00%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0      0.00%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            1      2.27%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            6                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::total           44                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.fp_insts                          0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu.commit.function_calls                    1                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu.commit.int_insts                         8                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu.commit.loads                             0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu.commit.membars                           0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu                6     75.00%     75.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntMult               0      0.00%     75.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv                0      0.00%     75.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     75.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     75.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     75.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult             0      0.00%     75.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     75.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc             0      0.00%     75.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     75.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     75.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     75.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     75.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     75.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     75.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     75.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult              0      0.00%     75.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift             0      0.00%     75.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     75.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdDiv               0      0.00%     75.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     75.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     75.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     75.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     75.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     75.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     75.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     75.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     75.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     75.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdReduceAdd            0      0.00%     75.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdReduceAlu            0      0.00%     75.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdReduceCmp            0      0.00%     75.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0      0.00%     75.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0      0.00%     75.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAes               0      0.00%     75.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAesMix            0      0.00%     75.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdSha1Hash            0      0.00%     75.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdSha1Hash2            0      0.00%     75.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdSha256Hash            0      0.00%     75.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdSha256Hash2            0      0.00%     75.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdShaSigma2            0      0.00%     75.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdShaSigma3            0      0.00%     75.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdPredAlu            0      0.00%     75.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::MemRead               0      0.00%     75.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite              2     25.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::total                 8                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.refs                              2                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu.commit.swp_count                         0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu.commit.vec_insts                         0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu.committedInsts                           3                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu.committedOps                             8                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu.cpi                              87.000000                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu.cpi_total                        87.000000                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.switch_cpus.data      6396460                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.switch_cpus_1.data     36366952                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     42763413                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data       125000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.switch_cpus.data 63934.841259                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.switch_cpus_1.data 56583.722584                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 57290.450923                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data       123000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.switch_cpus.data 61934.841259                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.switch_cpus_1.data 54414.752176                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55542.298771                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.switch_cpus.data      6318251                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.switch_cpus_1.data     35631565                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        41949816                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data       125000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.switch_cpus.data   5000280000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.switch_cpus_1.data  41610934000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  46611339000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.switch_cpus.data     0.012227                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.switch_cpus_1.data     0.020221                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.019026                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.switch_cpus.data        78209                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.switch_cpus_1.data       735387                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        813597                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::.switch_cpus_1.data       291927                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       291927                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data       123000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.switch_cpus.data   4843862000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.switch_cpus_1.data  24130766000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  28974751000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.switch_cpus.data     0.012227                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.switch_cpus_1.data     0.012194                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012199                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.switch_cpus.data        78209                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.switch_cpus_1.data       443460                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       521670                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.switch_cpus_1.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            2                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.switch_cpus_1.data       210500                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       210500                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.switch_cpus_1.data            1                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.switch_cpus_1.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            2                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.switch_cpus_1.data       421000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       421000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.switch_cpus_1.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.switch_cpus_1.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data            2                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.switch_cpus.data      3950484                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.switch_cpus_1.data     15266170                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     19216656                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data       130000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.switch_cpus.data 69240.072454                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.switch_cpus_1.data 58910.684380                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61433.134353                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data       128000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.switch_cpus.data 67240.072454                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.switch_cpus_1.data 57275.586818                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59759.138251                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data            1                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.switch_cpus.data      3900245                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.switch_cpus_1.data     15110654                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       19010900                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data       130000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.switch_cpus.data   3478552000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.switch_cpus_1.data   9161553992                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  12640235992                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.switch_cpus.data     0.012717                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.switch_cpus_1.data     0.010187                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.010707                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data            1                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.switch_cpus.data        50239                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.switch_cpus_1.data       155516                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       205756                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::.switch_cpus_1.data         4159                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         4159                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data       128000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.switch_cpus.data   3378074000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.switch_cpus_1.data   8669060994                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12047262994                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.switch_cpus.data     0.012717                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.switch_cpus_1.data     0.009915                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010491                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.switch_cpus.data        50239                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.switch_cpus_1.data       151357                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       201597                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    27.718291                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets    52.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              2247                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               6                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        62283                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets          315                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::.switch_cpus.data     10346944                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::.switch_cpus_1.data     51633122                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     61980069                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data       127500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.switch_cpus.data 66009.840558                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.switch_cpus_1.data 56989.916963                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 58126.649936                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data       125500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.switch_cpus.data 64009.840558                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.switch_cpus_1.data 55142.719515                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56717.663040                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::.switch_cpus.data     10218496                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::.switch_cpus_1.data     50742219                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total         60960716                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data       255000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.switch_cpus.data   8478832000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.switch_cpus_1.data  50772487992                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  59251574992                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.switch_cpus.data     0.012414                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.switch_cpus_1.data     0.017254                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.016446                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::.switch_cpus.data       128448                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::.switch_cpus_1.data       890903                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        1019353                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::.switch_cpus_1.data       296086                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       296086                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data       251000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.switch_cpus.data   8221936000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.switch_cpus_1.data  32799826994                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  41022013994                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.switch_cpus.data     0.012414                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.switch_cpus_1.data     0.011520                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011669                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.switch_cpus.data       128448                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.switch_cpus_1.data       594817                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       723267                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::.switch_cpus.data     10346944                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::.switch_cpus_1.data     51633124                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     61980071                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data       127500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.switch_cpus.data 66009.840558                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.switch_cpus_1.data 56989.789026                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 58126.535890                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data       125500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.switch_cpus.data 64009.840558                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.switch_cpus_1.data 55143.241884                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56718.088283                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data            1                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::.switch_cpus.data     10218496                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::.switch_cpus_1.data     50742219                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total        60960716                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data       255000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.switch_cpus.data   8478832000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.switch_cpus_1.data  50772487992                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  59251574992                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.switch_cpus.data     0.012414                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.switch_cpus_1.data     0.017255                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.016446                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data            2                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::.switch_cpus.data       128448                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::.switch_cpus_1.data       890905                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       1019355                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::.switch_cpus_1.data       296086                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       296086                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data       251000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.switch_cpus.data   8221936000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.switch_cpus_1.data  32800247994                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  41022434994                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.switch_cpus.data     0.012414                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.switch_cpus_1.data     0.011520                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011669                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data            2                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.switch_cpus.data       128448                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.switch_cpus_1.data       594819                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       723269                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 383366257000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.replacements                 720677                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           74                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           95                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          543                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          309                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             85.471608                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses        124681843                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data     0.000960                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.switch_cpus.data   343.268866                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.switch_cpus_1.data   680.317402                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.000001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.switch_cpus.data     0.335224                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.switch_cpus_1.data     0.664372                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999597                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 383366257000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            721701                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         124681843                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          1023.587227                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs            61684945                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle            240000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks       454715                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total            454715                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.decode.BlockedCycles                     2                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu.decode.DecodedInsts                     32                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu.decode.IdleCycles                       39                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu.decode.RunCycles                         5                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu.decode.SquashCycles                      3                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                           2                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                             1                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 383366257000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                           5                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                             1                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 383366257000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 383366257000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.fetch.Branches                           1                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu.fetch.CacheLines                         5                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu.fetch.Cycles                             5                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu.fetch.IcacheSquashes                     3                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu.fetch.Insts                             18                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu.fetch.PendingDrainCycles                 6                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on pipes to drain
system.cpu.fetch.SquashCycles                       5                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu.fetch.branchRate                  0.003831                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu.fetch.icacheStallCycles                 36                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu.fetch.rate                        0.068966                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::samples                 49                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::mean              0.653061                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::stdev             2.097131                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::underflows               0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::0                       44     89.80%     89.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::1                        0      0.00%     89.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::2                        1      2.04%     91.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::3                        0      0.00%     91.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::4                        0      0.00%     91.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::5                        0      0.00%     91.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::6                        1      2.04%     93.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::7                        0      0.00%     93.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::8                        3      6.12%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::overflows                0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::min_value                0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::max_value                8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::total                   49                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fp_regfile_reads                        56                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.switch_cpus.inst     34609781                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.switch_cpus_1.inst     33329813                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     67939599                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst        79400                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.switch_cpus.inst 30442.638512                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.switch_cpus_1.inst 28318.968975                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28562.900624                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst        70250                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.switch_cpus.inst 28442.638512                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.switch_cpus_1.inst 27671.448578                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27769.543088                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::.switch_cpus.inst     33579473                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::.switch_cpus_1.inst     25389215                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        58968688                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst       397000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.switch_cpus.inst  31365294000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.switch_cpus_1.inst 224869548403                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 256235239403                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.switch_cpus.inst     0.029769                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.switch_cpus_1.inst     0.238243                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.132042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::.switch_cpus.inst      1030308                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::.switch_cpus_1.inst      7940598                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       8970911                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::.cpu.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::.switch_cpus_1.inst       869198                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       869199                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst       281000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.switch_cpus.inst  29304678000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.switch_cpus_1.inst 195675881474                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 224980840474                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.800000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.switch_cpus.inst     0.029769                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.switch_cpus_1.inst     0.212164                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.119249                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.switch_cpus.inst      1030308                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.switch_cpus_1.inst      7071400                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      8101712                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     8.994787                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs             13620                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       122509                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::.switch_cpus.inst     34609781                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::.switch_cpus_1.inst     33329813                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     67939599                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst        79400                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.switch_cpus.inst 30442.638512                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.switch_cpus_1.inst 28318.968975                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 28562.900624                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst        70250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.switch_cpus.inst 28442.638512                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.switch_cpus_1.inst 27671.448578                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27769.543088                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::.switch_cpus.inst     33579473                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::.switch_cpus_1.inst     25389215                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total         58968688                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst       397000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::.switch_cpus.inst  31365294000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::.switch_cpus_1.inst 224869548403                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total 256235239403                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::.switch_cpus.inst     0.029769                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::.switch_cpus_1.inst     0.238243                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.132042                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::.switch_cpus.inst      1030308                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::.switch_cpus_1.inst      7940598                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total        8970911                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::.cpu.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::.switch_cpus_1.inst       869198                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total       869199                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst       281000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.switch_cpus.inst  29304678000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.switch_cpus_1.inst 195675881474                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 224980840474                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.800000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.switch_cpus.inst     0.029769                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.switch_cpus_1.inst     0.212164                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.119249                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.switch_cpus.inst      1030308                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.switch_cpus_1.inst      7071400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total      8101712                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst            5                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::.switch_cpus.inst     34609781                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::.switch_cpus_1.inst     33329813                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     67939599                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst        79400                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.switch_cpus.inst 30442.638512                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.switch_cpus_1.inst 28318.968975                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 28562.900624                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst        70250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.switch_cpus.inst 28442.638512                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.switch_cpus_1.inst 27671.448578                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27769.543088                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::.switch_cpus.inst     33579473                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::.switch_cpus_1.inst     25389215                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total        58968688                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst       397000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::.switch_cpus.inst  31365294000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::.switch_cpus_1.inst 224869548403                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total 256235239403                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::.switch_cpus.inst     0.029769                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::.switch_cpus_1.inst     0.238243                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.132042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst            5                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::.switch_cpus.inst      1030308                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::.switch_cpus_1.inst      7940598                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total       8970911                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::.cpu.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::.switch_cpus_1.inst       869198                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total       869199                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst       281000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.switch_cpus.inst  29304678000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.switch_cpus_1.inst 195675881474                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 224980840474                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.800000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.switch_cpus.inst     0.029769                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.switch_cpus_1.inst     0.212164                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.119249                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst            4                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.switch_cpus.inst      1030308                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.switch_cpus_1.inst      7071400                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total      8101712                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 383366257000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.replacements                8100618                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           97                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          154                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs              8.278547                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses        143980909                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst     0.000751                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.switch_cpus.inst    85.089658                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.switch_cpus_1.inst   170.866289                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.000003                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::.switch_cpus.inst     0.332381                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::.switch_cpus_1.inst     0.667446                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999831                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 383366257000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs           8101711                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses         143980909                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           255.956698                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs            67070399                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle            108000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::.writebacks      8100618                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total           8100618                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.idleCycles                             212                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu.iew.branchMispredicts                    1                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu.iew.exec_branches                        1                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_nop                             0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_rate                     0.080460                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu.iew.exec_refs                            7                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_stores                          5                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_swp                             0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu.iew.iewBlockCycles                       2                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                     2                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                  0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                 0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                    8                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  32                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                     2                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                 3                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    21                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewIQFullEvents                      0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.iewIdleCycles                        0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.iewSquashCycles                      3                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu.iew.iewUnblockCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads             0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked             0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads                1                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads             0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs             0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            2                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            6                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu.iew.memOrderViolationEvents              0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            1                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect              0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.wb_consumers                        18                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_count                            20                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu.iew.wb_fanout                     0.555556                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu.iew.wb_producers                        10                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_rate                       0.076628                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu.iew.wb_sent                             20                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu.int_regfile_reads                       77                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu.int_regfile_writes                      14                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 383366257000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.ipc                               0.011494                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu.ipc_total                         0.011494                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    16     66.67%     66.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                    0      0.00%     66.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                     0      0.00%     66.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     66.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                    0      0.00%     66.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                 0      0.00%     66.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                    0      0.00%     66.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                    0      0.00%     66.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                    0      0.00%     66.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc                0      0.00%     66.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc               0      0.00%     66.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdDiv                    0      0.00%     66.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd               0      0.00%     66.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu               0      0.00%     66.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp               0      0.00%     66.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt               0      0.00%     66.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv               0      0.00%     66.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc              0      0.00%     66.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult              0      0.00%     66.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     66.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt              0      0.00%     66.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdReduceAdd              0      0.00%     66.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdReduceAlu              0      0.00%     66.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdReduceCmp              0      0.00%     66.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0      0.00%     66.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0      0.00%     66.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAes                    0      0.00%     66.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAesMix                 0      0.00%     66.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSha1Hash               0      0.00%     66.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSha1Hash2              0      0.00%     66.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSha256Hash             0      0.00%     66.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSha256Hash2            0      0.00%     66.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShaSigma2              0      0.00%     66.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShaSigma3              0      0.00%     66.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdPredAlu                0      0.00%     66.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                    2      8.33%     75.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                   6     25.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead               0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch               0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::total                     24                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.fp_alu_accesses                       0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                   0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_cnt                           0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_rate                          0                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                       0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntMult                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                       0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdReduceAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdReduceAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdReduceCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAes                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAesMix                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdSha1Hash                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdSha1Hash2                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdSha256Hash               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdSha256Hash2              0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShaSigma2                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShaSigma3                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdPredAlu                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemRead                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.int_alu_accesses                     24                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 97                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses           20                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                56                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsAdded                         32                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsIssued                        24                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined              24                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined           28                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            49                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean         0.489796                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev        1.308983                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  41     83.67%     83.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                   1      2.04%     85.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                   4      8.16%     93.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                   0      0.00%     93.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                   1      2.04%     95.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                   1      2.04%     97.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                   1      2.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            6                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              49                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.rate                           0.091954                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu.iq.vec_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 383366257000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                           5                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                             1                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 383366257000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 383366257000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingLoads                 0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingStores                0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedLoads                    2                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedStores                   8                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.misc_regfile_reads                      11                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu.numCycles                              261                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numPwrStateTransitions                   1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON         8066000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF   383358191000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.rename.BlockCycles                       2                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu.rename.CommittedMaps                     5                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu.rename.IdleCycles                       39                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu.rename.RenameLookups                    78                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu.rename.RenamedInsts                     32                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu.rename.RenamedOperands                  25                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu.rename.RunCycles                         5                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu.rename.SquashCycles                      3                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu.rename.UndoneMaps                       20                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu.rename.int_rename_lookups               65                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu.rename.serializeStallCycles              0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu.rename.serializingInsts                  0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.skidInsts                         0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu.rename.tempSerializingInsts              0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rob.rob_reads                           75                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu.rob.rob_writes                          68                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu.timesIdled                               2                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                   569                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                      1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::.writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::.writebacks        61385                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total         61385                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.HardPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.l2.prefetcher 75605.509197                       # average HardPFReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.HardPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75605.509197                       # average HardPFReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.HardPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.l2.prefetcher  30104904074                       # number of HardPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.HardPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  30104904074                       # number of HardPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.HardPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.l2.prefetcher          inf                       # mshr miss rate for HardPFReq accesses
system.l2.HardPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for HardPFReq accesses
system.l2.HardPFReq_mshr_misses::.l2.prefetcher       398184                       # number of HardPFReq MSHR misses
system.l2.HardPFReq_mshr_misses::total         398184                       # number of HardPFReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::.cpu.inst            4                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::.switch_cpus.inst      1030308                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::.switch_cpus_1.inst      7069715                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total        8100027                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst       113500                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::.switch_cpus.inst 121687.452725                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::.switch_cpus_1.inst 108913.004033                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 110755.090253                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst        93500                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.switch_cpus.inst 101687.452725                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.switch_cpus_1.inst 89559.328271                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 91327.095618                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::.cpu.inst              2                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::.switch_cpus.inst       985358                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::.switch_cpus_1.inst      6802944                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total            7788304                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst       227000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::.switch_cpus.inst   5469851000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::.switch_cpus_1.inst  29054830999                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total  34524908999                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.500000                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::.switch_cpus.inst     0.043628                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::.switch_cpus_1.inst     0.037734                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.038484                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::.cpu.inst            2                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::.switch_cpus.inst        44950                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::.switch_cpus_1.inst       266771                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total           311723                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::.switch_cpus_1.inst         3330                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::total          3330                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst       187000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::.switch_cpus.inst   4570851000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::.switch_cpus_1.inst  23593598999                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  28164636999                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::.switch_cpus.inst     0.043628                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::.switch_cpus_1.inst     0.037263                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.038073                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst            2                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::.switch_cpus.inst        44950                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::.switch_cpus_1.inst       263441                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total       308393                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu.data             1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::.switch_cpus.data        50239                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::.switch_cpus_1.data       149873                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            200113                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data       125000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.switch_cpus.data 119693.356357                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.switch_cpus_1.data 106265.317929                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 109923.692094                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data       105000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.switch_cpus.data 99693.356357                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.switch_cpus_1.data 86263.626308                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89922.733125                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::.switch_cpus.data        28233                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::.switch_cpus_1.data        91102                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                119335                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data       125000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.switch_cpus.data   2633972000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.switch_cpus_1.data   6245319000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total    8879416000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.switch_cpus.data     0.438026                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.switch_cpus_1.data     0.392139                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.403662                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::.switch_cpus.data        22006                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::.switch_cpus_1.data        58771                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total               80778                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_hits::.switch_cpus_1.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_hits::total                6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data       105000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.switch_cpus.data   2193852000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.switch_cpus_1.data   5069282000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7263239000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.switch_cpus.data     0.438026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.switch_cpus_1.data     0.392099                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.403632                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.switch_cpus.data        22006                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.switch_cpus_1.data        58765                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total          80772                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.switch_cpus.data        78209                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.switch_cpus_1.data       443378                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        521588                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data       120000                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.switch_cpus.data 145308.954721                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.switch_cpus_1.data 120033.414549                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 123815.927353                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data       100000                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.switch_cpus.data 125308.954721                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.switch_cpus_1.data 100171.540685                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103944.644459                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::.switch_cpus.data        54445                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::.switch_cpus_1.data       308347                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            362792                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data       120000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.switch_cpus.data   3453122000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.switch_cpus_1.data  16208232000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  19661474000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.switch_cpus.data     0.303852                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.switch_cpus_1.data     0.304551                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.304447                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::.switch_cpus.data        23764                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::.switch_cpus_1.data       135031                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          158796                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::.switch_cpus_1.data          474                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::total          474                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data       100000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.switch_cpus.data   2977842000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.switch_cpus_1.data  13478782000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16456724000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.switch_cpus.data     0.303852                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.switch_cpus_1.data     0.303481                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.303538                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.switch_cpus.data        23764                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.switch_cpus_1.data       134557                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       158322                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::.switch_cpus_1.data         1568                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total             1568                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::.switch_cpus_1.data  1093.306288                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  1093.306288                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.switch_cpus_1.data 29920.892495                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29920.892495                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::.switch_cpus_1.data         1075                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                 1075                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::.switch_cpus_1.data       539000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total       539000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::.switch_cpus_1.data     0.314413                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total        0.314413                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::.switch_cpus_1.data          493                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                493                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::.switch_cpus_1.data     14751000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14751000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::.switch_cpus_1.data     0.314413                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.314413                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::.switch_cpus_1.data          493                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total           493                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::.writebacks      8089156                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total      8089156                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::.writebacks      8089156                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total          8089156                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       454715                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       454715                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       454715                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total           454715                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst                4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu.data                2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::.switch_cpus.inst      1030308                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::.switch_cpus.data       128448                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::.switch_cpus_1.inst      7069715                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::.switch_cpus_1.data       593251                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total              8821728                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst       113500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data       122500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.switch_cpus.inst 121687.452725                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.switch_cpus.data 132993.095914                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.switch_cpus_1.inst 108913.004033                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.switch_cpus_1.data 115858.200638                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 114395.324116                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst        93500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data       102500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.switch_cpus.inst 101687.452725                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.switch_cpus.data 112993.095914                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.switch_cpus_1.inst 89559.328271                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.switch_cpus_1.data 95943.886366                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 94768.642907                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_hits::.cpu.inst                    2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::.switch_cpus.inst       985358                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::.switch_cpus.data        82678                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::.switch_cpus_1.inst      6802944                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::.switch_cpus_1.data       399449                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                  8270431                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst       227000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data       245000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::.switch_cpus.inst   5469851000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::.switch_cpus.data   6087094000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::.switch_cpus_1.inst  29054830999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::.switch_cpus_1.data  22453551000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      63065798999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst        0.500000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.switch_cpus.inst     0.043628                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.switch_cpus.data     0.356331                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.switch_cpus_1.inst     0.037734                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.switch_cpus_1.data     0.326678                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.062493                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu.inst                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu.data                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::.switch_cpus.inst        44950                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::.switch_cpus.data        45770                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::.switch_cpus_1.inst       266771                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::.switch_cpus_1.data       193802                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 551297                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::.switch_cpus_1.inst         3330                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::.switch_cpus_1.data          480                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                3810                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst       187000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data       205000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.switch_cpus.inst   4570851000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.switch_cpus.data   5171694000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.switch_cpus_1.inst  23593598999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.switch_cpus_1.data  18548064000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  51884599999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.switch_cpus.inst     0.043628                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.switch_cpus.data     0.356331                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.switch_cpus_1.inst     0.037263                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.switch_cpus_1.data     0.325869                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.062061                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst             2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data             2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::.switch_cpus.inst        44950                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::.switch_cpus.data        45770                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::.switch_cpus_1.inst       263441                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::.switch_cpus_1.data       193322                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            547487                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst               4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu.data               2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.switch_cpus.inst      1030308                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.switch_cpus.data       128448                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.switch_cpus_1.inst      7069715                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.switch_cpus_1.data       593251                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total             8821728                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst       113500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data       122500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.switch_cpus.inst 121687.452725                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.switch_cpus.data 132993.095914                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.switch_cpus_1.inst 108913.004033                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.switch_cpus_1.data 115858.200638                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 114395.324116                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst        93500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data       102500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.l2.prefetcher 75605.509197                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.switch_cpus.inst 101687.452725                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.switch_cpus.data 112993.095914                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.switch_cpus_1.inst 89559.328271                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.switch_cpus_1.data 95943.886366                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86699.818513                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_hits::.cpu.inst                   2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::.switch_cpus.inst       985358                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::.switch_cpus.data        82678                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::.switch_cpus_1.inst      6802944                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::.switch_cpus_1.data       399449                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                 8270431                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst       227000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data       245000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::.switch_cpus.inst   5469851000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::.switch_cpus.data   6087094000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::.switch_cpus_1.inst  29054830999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::.switch_cpus_1.data  22453551000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     63065798999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst       0.500000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.switch_cpus.inst     0.043628                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.switch_cpus.data     0.356331                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.switch_cpus_1.inst     0.037734                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.switch_cpus_1.data     0.326678                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.062493                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu.inst                 2                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu.data                 2                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.switch_cpus.inst        44950                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.switch_cpus.data        45770                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.switch_cpus_1.inst       266771                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.switch_cpus_1.data       193802                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                551297                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::.switch_cpus_1.inst         3330                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::.switch_cpus_1.data          480                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total               3810                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst       187000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data       205000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.l2.prefetcher  30104904074                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.switch_cpus.inst   4570851000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.switch_cpus.data   5171694000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.switch_cpus_1.inst  23593598999                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.switch_cpus_1.data  18548064000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  81989504073                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.l2.prefetcher          inf                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.switch_cpus.inst     0.043628                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.switch_cpus.data     0.356331                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.switch_cpus_1.inst     0.037263                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.switch_cpus_1.data     0.325869                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.107198                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data            2                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.l2.prefetcher       398184                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.switch_cpus.inst        44950                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.switch_cpus.data        45770                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.switch_cpus_1.inst       263441                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.switch_cpus_1.data       193322                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           945671                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.prefetcher.num_hwpf_issued           531899                       # number of hwpf issued
system.l2.prefetcher.perceptron_unit.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 383366257000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.prefetcher.pfBufferHit                    0                       # number of redundant prefetches already in prefetch queue
system.l2.prefetcher.pfIdentified              531974                       # number of prefetch candidates identified
system.l2.prefetcher.pfInCache                      0                       # number of redundant prefetches already in cache/mshr dropped
system.l2.prefetcher.pfRemovedFull                  0                       # number of prefetches dropped due to prefetch queue size
system.l2.prefetcher.pfSpanPage                 19541                       # number of prefetches not generated due to page crossing
system.l2.prefetcher.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 383366257000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 383366257000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.replacements                        1042469                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1022::0           33                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1022::1           71                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1022::2          704                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1022::3          361                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1022::4           84                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           64                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          150                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         1353                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          998                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          278                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                     17.154676                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                142106709                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     388.240734                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst         0.011481                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data         0.005603                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.l2.prefetcher  1287.321797                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.switch_cpus.inst   508.024439                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.switch_cpus.data   301.197443                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.switch_cpus_1.inst  1104.543904                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.switch_cpus_1.data   502.379328                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks      0.094785                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst        0.000003                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data        0.000001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.l2.prefetcher     0.314288                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.switch_cpus.inst     0.124029                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.switch_cpus.data     0.073535                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.switch_cpus_1.inst     0.269664                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.switch_cpus_1.data     0.122651                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.998956                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1022          1253                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          2843                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1022     0.305908                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.694092                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 383366257000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                   1046565                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                 142106709                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  4091.724728                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                    17953484                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                     77000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.unused_prefetches                    169953                       # number of HardPF blocks evicted w/o reference
system.l2.writebacks::.writebacks              204633                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    204633                       # number of writebacks
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     336653.44                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                45212.14                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    204562.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples         2.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples         2.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.l2.prefetcher::samples    386225.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.switch_cpus.inst::samples     44950.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.switch_cpus.data::samples     45366.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.switch_cpus_1.inst::samples    263439.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.switch_cpus_1.data::samples    190671.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     26462.14                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       155.37                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    155.94                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.67                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        34.14                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     34.16                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      24.85                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         1.48                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     1.21                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.27                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst          334                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::.switch_cpus.inst      7504051                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::.switch_cpus_1.inst     43979416                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total         51483801                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::.cpu.inst               334                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::.cpu.data               334                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::.l2.prefetcher     64547027                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::.switch_cpus.inst      7504051                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::.switch_cpus.data      7640944                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::.switch_cpus_1.inst     43979416                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::.switch_cpus_1.data     32272261                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             155944366                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.writebacks       34161880                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.cpu.inst              334                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.cpu.data              334                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.l2.prefetcher     64547027                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.switch_cpus.inst      7504051                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.switch_cpus.data      7640944                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.switch_cpus_1.inst     43979416                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.switch_cpus_1.data     32272261                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            190106246                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::.writebacks       34161880                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             34161880                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples       352632                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    206.023549                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   147.969271                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   209.889505                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127       104599     29.66%     29.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255       149350     42.35%     72.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383        49816     14.13%     86.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511        16701      4.74%     90.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639         9988      2.83%     93.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767         5654      1.60%     95.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895         3654      1.04%     96.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         2648      0.75%     97.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        10222      2.90%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total       352632                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               59561920                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                59783808                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                  221888                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                13089984                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys             13096512                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst          128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::.switch_cpus.inst      2876800                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::.switch_cpus_1.inst     16860224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total      19737152                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::.cpu.inst            128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::.cpu.data            128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::.l2.prefetcher     24745152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::.switch_cpus.inst      2876800                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::.switch_cpus.data      2929280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::.switch_cpus_1.inst     16860224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::.switch_cpus_1.data     12372096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           59783808                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::.writebacks     13096512                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        13096512                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst            2                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data            2                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAccesses::.l2.prefetcher       386643                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAccesses::.switch_cpus.inst        44950                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAccesses::.switch_cpus.data        45770                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAccesses::.switch_cpus_1.inst       263441                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAccesses::.switch_cpus_1.data       193314                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     41875.00                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     51000.00                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAvgLat::.l2.prefetcher     47340.47                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAvgLat::.switch_cpus.inst     50324.07                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAvgLat::.switch_cpus.data     61712.55                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAvgLat::.switch_cpus_1.inst     38165.74                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAvgLat::.switch_cpus_1.data     44651.62                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst          128                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data          128                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadBytes::.l2.prefetcher     24718400                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadBytes::.switch_cpus.inst      2876800                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadBytes::.switch_cpus.data      2903424                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadBytes::.switch_cpus_1.inst     16860096                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadBytes::.switch_cpus_1.data     12202944                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 333.884366875825                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 333.884366875825                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadRate::.l2.prefetcher 64477244.798307850957                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadRate::.switch_cpus.inst 7504051.145534178242                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadRate::.switch_cpus.data 7573499.093844349496                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadRate::.switch_cpus_1.inst 43979081.862700298429                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadRate::.switch_cpus_1.data 31831033.058290261775                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst        83750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data       102000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadTotalLat::.l2.prefetcher  18303860000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadTotalLat::.switch_cpus.inst   2262067000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadTotalLat::.switch_cpus.data   2824583250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadTotalLat::.switch_cpus_1.inst  10054421000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadTotalLat::.switch_cpus_1.data   8631782750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       204633                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  44497139.67                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     13089984                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 34144851.720739729702                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 9105583181500                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                    71                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numReadWriteTurnArounds        12010                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls.numStayReadState             2114484                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls.numStayWriteState             193484                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWriteReadTurnArounds        12010                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::.cpu.inst               2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::.cpu.data               2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::.l2.prefetcher       386643                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::.switch_cpus.inst        44950                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::.switch_cpus.data        45770                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::.switch_cpus_1.inst       263441                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::.switch_cpus_1.data       193314                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              934122                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::.writebacks       204633                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             204633                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    68.93                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             58728                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             66643                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             87135                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             77879                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             46257                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             50988                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             45349                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             49510                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             51429                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             49123                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            51775                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            63812                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            56269                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            50291                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            60151                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            65316                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0             13620                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             11851                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2             11842                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3             13290                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4             12041                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5             12276                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6             13344                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7             14442                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8             11762                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9             12098                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10            14518                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11            15794                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12            12364                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13            11291                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14            11784                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15            12214                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.priorityMaxLatency      0.009467524500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls.priorityMinLatency      0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 383366257000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples        12010                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      77.485262                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     65.642705                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     56.786464                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-127         10731     89.35%     89.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::128-255         1226     10.21%     99.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::256-383           37      0.31%     99.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            8      0.07%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::512-639            5      0.04%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::640-767            1      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3840-3967            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total         12010                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  481965                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                  367663                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                   55899                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                   18770                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                    4035                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                    1680                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                     471                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                     127                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                      39                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    934122                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                934122                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      934122                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 70.99                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   660696                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                   3467                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                 4653275000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  383365791000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat             42076899750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                  24627118500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples        12010                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      17.030058                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.993584                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      1.123343                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16             6243     51.98%     51.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17              174      1.45%     53.43% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18             4705     39.18%     92.61% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19              786      6.54%     99.15% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20               85      0.71%     99.86% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::21               13      0.11%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::22                4      0.03%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total         12010                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                   5546                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                   5765                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                  10704                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                  11907                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                  12041                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                  12066                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                  12085                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                  12104                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                  12129                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                  12147                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                  12178                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                  12188                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                  12239                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                  12476                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                  12363                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                  12470                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                  12037                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                  12041                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                     38                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   204633                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6               204633                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     204633                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                59.57                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  121851                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy          14693478810                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy               1318272480                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy     88279215690                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            489.362192                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1699367500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF   10529480000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF  66618402500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  88122000250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   22802718750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 193594288000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy           1068645600                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                700655670                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy     33838771200                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy              3444971460                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         24891690720.000004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy      18821527860                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           187604952030                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime         348333747000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy              536125320                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy          14809036050                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy               1199569980                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy     81226515060                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            479.418648                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1900623250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF   10128560000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF  78443975000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  91368902000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   23395383249                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 178128813501                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy           1120797600                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                637582770                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy     35085545280                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy              3199905240                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         23943915840.000004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy      22024753320                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           183792932610                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime         347941251001                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy              531526500                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      2798151                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total      2798151                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                2798151                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     72880320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     72880320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                72880320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 383366257000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          2682562001                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         4933523250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            934624                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  934624    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              934624                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       930102                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       1864029                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             853359                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       204633                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           724772                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              502                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             80763                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            80763                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        853359                       # Transaction distribution
system.switch_cpus.Branches                   5980736                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts            26000001                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.committedOps              51019128                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.dtb.rdAccesses             6396460                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus.dtb.rdMisses                 24904                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 383366257000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus.dtb.wrAccesses             3950484                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus.dtb.wrMisses                  2546                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus.idle_fraction             0.000021                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus.itb.rdAccesses                   0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus.itb.rdMisses                     0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 383366257000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus.itb.wrAccesses            34609781                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus.itb.wrMisses                 60892                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus.not_idle_fraction         0.999979                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                127450376                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.num_busy_cycles       127447694.452748                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus.num_cc_register_reads     28709125                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.switch_cpus.num_cc_register_writes     16738682                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.switch_cpus.num_conditional_control_insts      4686033                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_alu_accesses         491019                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_insts                491019                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_register_reads       670645                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_register_writes       247779                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus.num_func_calls              700801                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus.num_idle_cycles        2681.547252                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus.num_int_alu_accesses      50551275                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.num_int_insts             50551275                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_int_register_reads     97301907                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus.num_int_register_writes     40969001                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus.num_load_insts             6395480                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_mem_refs              10345734                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus.num_store_insts            3950254                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_vec_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.num_vec_insts                    0                       # number of vector instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_vec_register_reads            0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.switch_cpus.num_vec_register_writes            0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.switch_cpus.op_class::No_OpClass        227468      0.45%      0.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IntAlu          40076253     78.55%     79.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IntMult            39308      0.08%     79.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IntDiv             99369      0.19%     79.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatAdd           16484      0.03%     79.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatCmp               0      0.00%     79.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatCvt             592      0.00%     79.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatMult              0      0.00%     79.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatDiv               0      0.00%     79.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatMisc              0      0.00%     79.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatSqrt              0      0.00%     79.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdAdd              158      0.00%     79.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdAddAcc             0      0.00%     79.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdAlu            20419      0.04%     79.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdCmp                0      0.00%     79.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdCvt            37654      0.07%     79.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdMisc          155052      0.30%     79.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdMult               0      0.00%     79.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdShift            112      0.00%     79.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdDiv                0      0.00%     79.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdSqrt               0      0.00%     79.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatAdd           73      0.00%     79.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatCvt          334      0.00%     79.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatDiv           30      0.00%     79.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatMult           88      0.00%     79.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdReduceAdd            0      0.00%     79.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdReduceAlu            0      0.00%     79.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdReduceCmp            0      0.00%     79.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0      0.00%     79.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0      0.00%     79.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdAes                0      0.00%     79.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdAesMix             0      0.00%     79.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdSha1Hash            0      0.00%     79.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2            0      0.00%     79.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdSha256Hash            0      0.00%     79.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2            0      0.00%     79.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdShaSigma2            0      0.00%     79.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdShaSigma3            0      0.00%     79.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdPredAlu            0      0.00%     79.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::MemRead          6366891     12.48%     92.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::MemWrite         3749612      7.35%     99.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatMemRead        28589      0.06%     99.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatMemWrite       200642      0.39%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IprAccess              0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::total           51019128                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF 383366257000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus_1.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus_1.branchPred.BTBHitPct     0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus_1.branchPred.BTBHits             0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus_1.branchPred.BTBLookups     54155791                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus_1.branchPred.RASInCorrect       990840                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus_1.branchPred.condIncorrect      8576109                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus_1.branchPred.condPredicted     58215636                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus_1.branchPred.indirectHits     10309812                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.switch_cpus_1.branchPred.indirectLookups     54155791                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.switch_cpus_1.branchPred.indirectMisses     43845979                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.switch_cpus_1.branchPred.lookups      58215636                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus_1.branchPred.usedRAS       2993358                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus_1.branchPredindirectMispredicted      6840415                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.switch_cpus_1.cc_regfile_reads       136112196                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus_1.cc_regfile_writes       82998550                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.amos                    0                       # Number of atomic instructions committed
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.branchMispredicts      8581631                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.branches         22629783                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.bw_lim_events      7829545                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        49317                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.commitSquashedInsts    184947977                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.committedInsts    100000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.committedOps    194210424                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    193935475                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.001418                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.011793                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    135748059     70.00%     70.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     17299220      8.92%     78.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9596820      4.95%     83.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     11065377      5.71%     89.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      5504009      2.84%     92.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      3079285      1.59%     94.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      2219508      1.14%     95.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1593652      0.82%     95.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      7829545      4.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    193935475                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.fp_insts          1557399                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.function_calls      1337091                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.int_insts       192960698                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.loads            24666813                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.membars             32640                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       531295      0.27%      0.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu    152613172     78.58%     78.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult       168201      0.09%     78.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv       307543      0.16%     79.10% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd        55453      0.03%     79.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt           16      0.00%     79.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd          494      0.00%     79.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu        36122      0.02%     79.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt        77714      0.04%     79.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc       484536      0.25%     79.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift          337      0.00%     79.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdDiv            0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd           75      0.00%     79.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt         2839      0.00%     79.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv           21      0.00%     79.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult           61      0.00%     79.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdReduceAdd            0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdReduceAlu            0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdReduceCmp            0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAes            0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAesMix            0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSha1Hash            0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSha1Hash2            0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSha256Hash            0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSha256Hash2            0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShaSigma2            0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShaSigma3            0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::SimdPredAlu            0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead     24602915     12.67%     92.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite     14507964      7.47%     99.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead        63898      0.03%     99.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite       757768      0.39%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.op_class_0::total    194210424                       # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.refs             39932545                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus_1.commit.vec_insts               0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.switch_cpus_1.committedInsts         100000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus_1.committedOps           194210424                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus_1.cpi                     2.559078                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus_1.cpi_total               2.559078                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus_1.decode.BlockedCycles     32322519                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus_1.decode.DecodedInsts    452699001                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus_1.decode.IdleCycles      118229467                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus_1.decode.RunCycles        60030528                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus_1.decode.SquashCycles      8611727                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus_1.decode.UnblockCycles      4691853                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus_1.dtb.rdAccesses          39323030                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus_1.dtb.rdMisses             1207615                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus_1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 383366257000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus_1.dtb.wrAccesses          20617384                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus_1.dtb.wrMisses              182388                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.Branches          58215636                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.CacheLines        33329886                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.Cycles            86039015                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.IcacheSquashes      5090467                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles         9722                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.Insts            245725731                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.MiscStallCycles         8235                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles          385                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        46486                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.SquashCycles      17223454                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.TlbCycles               20                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.branchRate        0.227487                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.icacheStallCycles    129170508                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.predictedBranches     13303170                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.rate              0.960212                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.rateDist::samples    223886098                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.rateDist::mean     2.160789                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.rateDist::stdev     3.364524                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.rateDist::0      151826814     67.81%     67.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.rateDist::1        3072459      1.37%     69.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.rateDist::2        3046596      1.36%     70.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.rateDist::3        3458531      1.54%     72.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.rateDist::4        3211130      1.43%     73.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.rateDist::5        3776646      1.69%     75.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.rateDist::6        3838671      1.71%     76.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.rateDist::7        3772391      1.68%     78.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.rateDist::8       47882860     21.39%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus_1.fetch.rateDist::total    223886098                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus_1.fp_regfile_reads         2248288                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus_1.fp_regfile_writes         768217                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus_1.idleCycles              32021717                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.branchMispredicts     11065767                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.exec_branches       31756178                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.exec_rate           1.183758                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.exec_refs           59906693                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.exec_stores         20606200                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.iewBlockCycles      22926754                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     50958046                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts       179376                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       474311                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     27906747                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    379149444                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     39300493                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts     16417508                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.iewExecutedInsts    302932875                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.iewIQFullEvents        43060                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents      2049273                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.iewSquashCycles      8611727                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.iewUnblockCycles      2113046                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1827                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      1842321                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        43134                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        44009                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        81068                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads     26291231                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores     12641014                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        44009                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      9171915                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1893852                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.wb_consumers       320549073                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.wb_count           295267438                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.wb_fanout           0.657795                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.wb_producers       210855472                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.wb_rate             1.153804                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.iew.wb_sent            298894412                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus_1.int_regfile_reads      404082248                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus_1.int_regfile_writes     242608665                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus_1.ipc                     0.390766                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.ipc_total               0.390766                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass      2950144      0.92%      0.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    250468079     78.43%     79.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       226598      0.07%     79.43% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv       327344      0.10%     79.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd        58588      0.02%     79.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt         4558      0.00%     79.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            2      0.00%     79.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            1      0.00%     79.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd          761      0.00%     79.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu        65473      0.02%     79.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt        95816      0.03%     79.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc       508086      0.16%     79.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift          750      0.00%     79.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdDiv            0      0.00%     79.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd          112      0.00%     79.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt         4002      0.00%     79.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv           73      0.00%     79.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult          328      0.00%     79.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdReduceAdd            0      0.00%     79.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdReduceAlu            0      0.00%     79.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdReduceCmp            0      0.00%     79.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0      0.00%     79.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0      0.00%     79.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAes            0      0.00%     79.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAesMix            0      0.00%     79.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSha1Hash            0      0.00%     79.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSha1Hash2            0      0.00%     79.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSha256Hash            0      0.00%     79.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSha256Hash2            0      0.00%     79.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShaSigma2            0      0.00%     79.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShaSigma3            0      0.00%     79.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdPredAlu            0      0.00%     79.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     42291666     13.24%     93.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     21372224      6.69%     99.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead       117218      0.04%     99.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite       858560      0.27%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.FU_type_0::total    319350383                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fp_alu_accesses       1832337                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads      3641136                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1730114                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes      2335025                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_busy_cnt           5303521                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.016607                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu       4947977     93.30%     93.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     93.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     93.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     93.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     93.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt           10      0.00%     93.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     93.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     93.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     93.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     93.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     93.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            4      0.00%     93.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     93.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu         1769      0.03%     93.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     93.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt          143      0.00%     93.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc          489      0.01%     93.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     93.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     93.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift          136      0.00%     93.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     93.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdDiv            0      0.00%     93.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     93.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     93.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     93.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     93.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     93.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     93.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     93.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     93.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     93.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     93.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdReduceAdd            0      0.00%     93.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdReduceAlu            0      0.00%     93.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdReduceCmp            0      0.00%     93.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0      0.00%     93.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0      0.00%     93.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdAes            0      0.00%     93.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdAesMix            0      0.00%     93.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdSha1Hash            0      0.00%     93.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdSha1Hash2            0      0.00%     93.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdSha256Hash            0      0.00%     93.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdSha256Hash2            0      0.00%     93.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdShaSigma2            0      0.00%     93.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdShaSigma3            0      0.00%     93.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::SimdPredAlu            0      0.00%     93.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::MemRead       226496      4.27%     97.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        93641      1.77%     99.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead          901      0.02%     99.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite        31955      0.60%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.int_alu_accesses    319871423                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    866186304                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    293537324                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    561793099                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.iqInstsAdded        378608197                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.iqInstsIssued       319350383                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded       541247                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined    184939005                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued      1937055                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved       491930                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined    254629974                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    223886098                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     1.426397                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     2.227570                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    138099625     61.68%     61.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     16632210      7.43%     69.11% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     14205476      6.34%     75.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     11566714      5.17%     80.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4     11148555      4.98%     85.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5     11281317      5.04%     90.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6     11361838      5.07%     95.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      6287658      2.81%     98.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8      3302705      1.48%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    223886098                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.rate                 1.247912                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.vec_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus_1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus_1.itb.rdAccesses                 0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus_1.itb.rdMisses                   0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus_1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 383366257000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus_1.itb.wrAccesses          33338656                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus_1.itb.wrMisses              333414                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus_1.memDep0.conflictingLoads      2629133                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus_1.memDep0.conflictingStores      2225925                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus_1.memDep0.insertedLoads     50958046                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus_1.memDep0.insertedStores     27906747                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus_1.misc_regfile_reads     135763747                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus_1.misc_regfile_writes           10                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus_1.numCycles              255907815                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus_1.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus_1.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus_1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF 383366257000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.BlockCycles      27621445                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.CommittedMaps    219271765                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.FullRegisterEvents           38                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.IQFullEvents       950506                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.IdleCycles      121487978                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.LQFullEvents        87405                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.ROBFullEvents       165291                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.RenameLookups   1039416793                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.RenamedInsts    429091549                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.RenamedOperands    471784382                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.RunCycles        60889089                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.SQFullEvents      3797746                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.SquashCycles      8611727                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.UnblockCycles      5257830                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.UndoneMaps      252512580                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.fp_rename_lookups      2614470                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.int_rename_lookups    617828790                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.serializeStallCycles        18025                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.serializingInsts          945                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.skidInsts         5610739                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus_1.rename.tempSerializingInsts          911                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus_1.rob.rob_reads          565264331                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus_1.rob.rob_writes         788797498                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus_1.timesIdled               2763412                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     24302356                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      2167215                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total              26469571                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side   1036841280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     75290624                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total             1112131904                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 383366257000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy        34756970989                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              9.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy       24306461670                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             6.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy        2169348320                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                  13204288                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples         10301250                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.020465                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.142253                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0               10091414     97.96%     97.96% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                 208858      2.03%     99.99% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                    978      0.01%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total           10301250                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests        22625                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops          978                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      8822067                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       186222                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests     17646294                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops         187200                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoops                         1477952                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           8623299                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       659348                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean      8100618                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict         1103798                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::HardPFReq           433799                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            1568                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           1568                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           200113                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          200113                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq       8101711                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       521588                       # Transaction distribution
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
